I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa Pig.
George's Racing Car
It is a lovely sunny day
at Granny and Grandpa Pigs' house.
Peppa, George, Daddy and Grandpa are inside,
watching racing cars on television.
Come on, Car No.2.
It's Rick and Nick coming up to the finish.
What a lot of noise!
This is so exciting, Car No. 2 is a fast…
Ah!
That's better.
The race was almost finished.
Switch it back on!
Wow, that was an exciting and rare race.
I'm so glad I didn't miss the finish.
See, it's finished.
It's such a lovely day.
You should all go outside and play.
Yes, Granny Pig.
So, what are we going to play?
George wants to play racing cars.
I know, let's build George a racing car.
Can you really make a racing car, Daddy?
No, but Grandpa Pig can.
What? O-O-OK.
I'll make a racing car for George.
This is Grandpa Pig's shed
where he makes things.
What have we got here?
Ah, an old pram.
No.
George isn't a baby, Grandpa.
We only need the pram's wheels, Peppa.
Woo!
This bit can be the bonnet.
And this can be the seats.
What's your favorite number, George?
George's favorite number is two.
Ohh! This racing car will be super fast.
Hooray!
Don't make it go too fast, Grandpa.
George is only little.
Don't worry, Peppa.
This will be a pedal car.
Not a motor car.
Ahh!
Next, we need a steering wheel.
Last of all,
you need racing goggles and a hat.
It's George's racing car.
Here are Danny Dog,
Zoe Zebra, and Pedro Pony.
Hello, everyone.
Look at George's racing car.
Vroom!
Wow! I'll race you.
And me! And me!
I want to race too.
Where's your racing car, Peppa?
I don't have a racing car.
Don't worry, Peppa.
You can be the chief mechanic.
What does that do?
You fix George's car, if it goes wrong.
Oh, goody.
I hope it goes wrong a lot.
Let's start the race.
Three times around the garden.
Ready, steady, Go!
And get off.
Come on George.
That's the end of Lap one
and George is in the lead.
What's all this noise out here?
I'm trying to watch television.
We're having a race, Granny.
That's the end of Lap two
and George is still in the lead.
Oh, dear.
A wheel has come off George's car.
Where's the chief mechanic?
Here I am.
What do we do?
Put the wheel back on.
OK, chief mechanic.
Meow!
Go, George go!
Oh, dear.
George is now at the back of the race.
Pedal faster, George.
Come on George.
George is the winner. Hooray!
Well done, George.
You're the best racing driver
in the whole world.
And you've got the best chief mechanic
in the whole world, too.
Yes. That's me!